When would you want to create a remote repository instead of keeping all your files locally?

When you want to be able to use the info from different computers or to be able to collaborate with others.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having
Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Sometimes the thing that you are working on, you may want to be different than the
repository that is found on GitHub.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  
When would you use one instead of another?

Forks are used to clone someone else's repository that is found
on GitHub into your GitHub page.-- You have a clone of their repository
on your GitHub account.

Clone means to copy a reposity it is used when copying from GitHub to 
a local computer.

A branch would mean to checkout a certain commint and make changes on 
it(Further commits).  These would not affect the original branch.
Branches don't copy a repository.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored
locally?

It allow the git to track when you are different from the origin(remote) when offline
It can also allow git to know if the remote has change since the last time 
that you pulled from the remote.

How would you collaborate withouth using Git or GitHub?  What
would be easier, and what would be harder?

I am not sure there would be anything that would be easier if 
I was to not use GitHub.  Most everything would be harder.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in 
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

Making changes on a separate branch makes it so that when pushing to the remote repository
that what other people are doing isn't messed up with what you have pushed 
up to the repository.  Then you do a pull request to where the one
that is controlling the remote repository can look at the changes
you have done on your branch and resolve any issues with you before 
merging it to the master branch.